Mention API implementation samples (#15054)
dotnet/docs: docs/architecture/microservices/architect-microservice-container-applications/data-sovereignty-per-microservice.md

A monolithic application with typically a single relational database has two important benefits: [ACID transactions](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ACID) and the SQL language, both working across all the tables and data related to your application. This approach provides a way to easily write a query that combines data from multiple tables.

> However, data access becomes much more complex when you move to a microservices architecture. But even when ACID transactions can or should be used within a microservice or Bounded Context, the data owned by each microservice is private to that microservice and can only be accessed via its microservice API. The API can be implemented as a REST API, gRPC, SOAP or anything else, but the key point is that the API encapsulates or hides the implementation details.

Reviewer: I am not sure if we need to be explicit about the implementation details. We can probably, mention using sync and async comm patterns.
```suggestion
However, data access becomes much more complicated when you move to a microservices architecture. Even when using ACID transactions within a microservice or Bounded Context, it is crucial to consider that the data owned by each microservice is private to that microservice and should only be accessed either synchronously through API endpoints or asynchronously via messaging.
```

Author: Well, the origin of the change is precisely because, as stated by the user, he's found people often gets equate the API term with the specific REST API implementation. So the change is to enforce those are just implementations of an API.

However, I think that's very good to include the messaging option as just another API implementation.

Does it sound good?

Reviewer: Just updated my suggestion.

Author: Great!
